Multiple queue (#236)
wiremind/remoulade: docs/source/guide.rst

   Because all messages have to be sent over the network, any
   arguments you send to an actor must be JSON-encodable.

If you want messages from an actor to be enqueued in a specific queue (and not 'default', the default queue),
you can specify the queue in the actor decorator::

   @remoulade.actor(queue_name="my_queue")
   def count_words(url):
      ...

> You can also choose which queue to enqueue a message when sending the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose to enqueue a message in another queue when sending it.
```

First, you have to specify in the actor decorator the queues this message is allowed
to be enqueued into::

>    @remoulade.actor(queue_name="first_queue, alternative_queues=["second-queue", "third-queue"])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   @remoulade.actor(queue_name="first_queue", alternative_queues=["second_queue", "third_queue"])
```

   def count_words(url):
      ...

By default, messages from this actor will be enqueued into the ``first_queue`` queue. But they can
also be enqueued into the ``second_queue`` and ``third_queue`` by adding the queue_name options::

>    count_words.send_with_options(queue_name="second-queue")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   count_words.send_with_options(queue_name="second_queue")
```
